Okay, so now we are, we are looking at the chronic disease called care pilot scheme. It. It was started in 2023, right? So that's almost two years old. Now, what information do we have? Have you found any interesting information?

Okay, so first of all, eligibility would be 45 years old, or above, right? But then without no medical history of hypertension, and it was it, what is DM diabetes? Okay, okay, all right, so, so, how does it work? So they you they can see a private doctor, is it to prevention

of disease. If they have the disease, they have

subsidies.

You disease. So who will do the screening? Do they have to meet the doctor, or they just meet the nurse for the service

provider? Screening? And for the service provider.

So family doctor will perform the assessment, arrange the blood test and explain the investigation. But would the doctor actually make any diagnosis,

and if your screen angry size is above the line, then you are diagnosed by some disease,

so so that the diagnosis is done based On the results, not based on any doctor's judgment.

You arrange. Okay, I Hmm.

So what, based on the information you gather, do you have any idea or kind of what kind of argument you're going to make? You know what? What is the area for improvement?

We are now interested in how many patients is joining the scheme, and how much is paying to scheme by the government.

Okay, you might want to look into the colon cancer screening scheme. Have you heard of the Yes, yeah. So that scheme. We actually did some research. You know, one, one team of students taking my course wrote a letter on that. This one is a little bit similar. Okay, so when we did research on that, we found that the whole procedure of screening, even though the doctor was paid 200 something whenever somebody joined the scheme, and they have to see a doctor, and then there will be screened for the cancer. Even though the doctor got 200 something for for that visit, there's really nothing that that needs to be done by the doctor. And in some other countries, like Canada or Netherland, they to join a scheme. They don't have to see the doctor. All they have to do is just to send a stool sample by mail. The stool the sample? Yeah, the sample by mail. So the argument would be, we are overspending. Okay, so paying a doctor for the diagnosis part may not be necessary. The idea of of doing prevention is great, of course, prevention is always less costly than than treatment, right? But do we really need to engage poor private doctors

and the staff of screening, yeah, so

diagnosis, I

think, is just going to lab investigation or other lab is Okay, a new lab is okay for doing they're

just they're just like a annual check,

right? So, so I think that might be a direction for this project, is to to see if there's an alternative set up or approach to do this kind of screening and diagnosis. And given, Are you Chinese medicine? Yes. Okay, so given your your background in Chinese medicine, and also the fact that we were not going to have a Chinese medicine hospital very soon, right? So this could be a question, what if we also bring Chinese medicine professionals on board? Right? If the if the family doctors their western medicine, they can do the diagnosis. How? How about bringing the Chinese medicine doctor to to do the diagnosis as well? Because presumably the Chinese medicine also got a solution for diabetes and hypertension, right?

The scheme have include more than diabetes and hypertension. It is now only diabetes

and hypertension, right?

Extends into like hepatitis B or others, right?

Okay, so that's a vision. That's a long term, long term plan. Now, going back to the colon cancer scheme, the project we did before, one of the argument we made, actually, one thing we discovered is the participation rate is very low. We're talking about only about 12% or something of the people who are eligible actually join the scheme because they don't want to go to a family doctor. You see, I mean, and actually, that might not be a bad thing, because if you think about they actually year mark something like 700 million or something for this scheme. So So, so assume everybody to join, and it's a recurring thing, because, because they can, they can do it every two years. It's actually a lot of money, and it's a waste of money because you don't have to, you see, I mean, so, so participation rate is definitely something you think you should look into, because this program is has run for two years, there should be data for at least of the first year. So we should, we should have some basic idea in terms of how many people have participated, how popular the program is, if

they continue join the program and going to a revise and a doctor, or if this scheme

in a schedule revise, yeah. Well, I think at some point that that's that may be something in the long term, we could start assess the impact of the of the program. For example, we may want to ask, like, among the people who join, how many have been identified with the diagnosis? How many are being follow up? If we can find that figure, then because, because they basically cover everyone on over 45 that's a it's a lot, large group. Yeah, so you have to check how many people are eligible. You see, I mean that that even check, even find out that number is not very straightforward, because you don't know how many people are actually got the medical history, so you have to go to the public. You may have to go to hospital authority and ask how many people who have medical have the hypertension, because it

have excluded the one have already have the medical history. And I could check about for the Wang having diabetes already, and if their scheme is, is having subsidies, or this game's subsidies is much more than

You mean. You mean a different scheme. I mean

hypertension. Sorry. Young what? Okay.

Screen. Join your content. Jorge young, water gets easier. High time,

yeah, I think we need to. I need to read more about this game? Because at this stage I don't know much, so I think we can probably, yeah, we do a bit more research and we come back, maybe we can chat through the group first, okay, but I think we already got some direction, okay? Do. Okay.

Transcribed by https://otter.ai
