OK, so let me just talk a little bit about what I want to discuss in week two, which is tomorrow, and maybe we can set up a couple of Moodle forum post for students to respond to so last week, we talked about the general setup of this course. And we start with this basic premise, the notion that the government is a necessary evil, because, you know, the whole institution is taking away our money and also potentially our freedom, because the state can, it's going to impose taxation on us, and if you do not comply, if you do not give up part of your money and your income, very hard earned income, You will you have to go to jail, right So, and that's potentially losing your freedom and and therefore this whole idea is actually quite unpleasant, and you can even say it's it's immoral or evil, but We also believe that this is a necessary evil, because we count on the government to provide the services and protection that we need. There's the police, there's schools, there's hospitals, and these are all essential services that that that we need. So, so that's and that's the kind of the foundation of our discussion here, and because of that, we have this issue about accountability. Because we are the taxpayers, we can frame this as the sort of the service provider and customer relationship, all right, and the government staff are obliged to provide the quality services to us, and if we're not happy with their services, we're supposed to be able to fire them. You know, I mean, one way for you to fire the government. Of course, you cannot overthrow the government, but you can just walk right, you can go away, you can go to another country, immigrate, and that's always an option. So you can vote by feet. Is that I mean? I mean, I mean, in an ideal scenario, you should be able to vote out the government, right? You should be able to vote against the current, you know, administration, and then the better candidates, the more popular candidates can can take over. But not in Hong Kong, right? So, so here in Hong Kong, to elect the chief executive is done by a small group of people. It's none of our business, but still, you know, you can vote by feet, right? So although it may not be always an option to everybody, but even though we cannot vote out the government officials or the people that we don't like, we can still do something right. We can still hold them accountable. So how do we do that? Well, one thing that's super important in this course is the code on access to information. We have this tool that can help us to request information from the government so, and this is what we call the experiential learning, right? Because we are essentially giving the students an opportunity to connect with the government staff, not in a usual way, you know, the usual way of of talking to a government staff is to go to a counter, you go to immigration office for your passport renewal, you go to even if you count the public hospital staff as government staff, you go to hospital to get services, you get treatment, or you go to transport department to renew Your license and all this is kind of a more ordinary encounter with the government staff, but we are going to do it differently. Okay? So we are going to basically tell the, you know, we're going to email the different government staff, because we have access to that government directory. Again, this is something. It's publicly available, but very few people know about it. So we can find out. We can find the the we can find the right people, and we can talk to them, and then we're going to raise questions, code on access to information, and so on and so forth. So, so that's that's kind of like a recap of last week, and this week, what we need to do is basically start exploring topics and also to talk about some of the kind of like, I would say, how we are going to do the project, right, so, so essentially, this is a project based learning. We are going to, you know, there might be some lectures here and there, but most of the time we're going to do small group meetings. We're going to basically push forward to do the projects. So that's why it's super important for us to kind of set the expectation up front. What do we need to pass this course. You know, I promised at the very beginning, I will get 20% or to 25% of students with a range, and 70% or something would be B range, a couple of students will probably gotta get a cc range grace so. But I think, I think it's really important to set up a timeline so that we will have probably a better sense of what you accomplish. All right, so essentially, there are three elements, or three components for the assessment. One is the the report of the project we call the argumentative research paper. And so that's actually the one of the key document deliverable of this course. And we're talking about about 500 words per student. So you can get a sense of what's the size of the you know the length of the document, and we need to set up a timeline for that. And my general intention is to get the work done by week 10 or something. So the rest of the week, the rest of the two or three weeks, we just kind of relax, and we're going to, just because, you know, near the end of the semester, semester, everybody will be very busy, right? So let's, let's set the week 10 as the as the deadline for getting that draft done. As long as we get that done, you know, we should be happy. So everybody will get probably a B range, unless you're not contributing enough or whatever. And then, you know, the last couple of weeks, it's just for bonus, right for for people who like want to walk the extra mile to get a get an A range grade. So yeah, week 10 would be super important. And also for the community engagement portfolio, we would be looking for, like the evidence for contacting the government, the evidence for writing for the public, and also the evidence for what's the third one? Yeah, I need to check. But, yeah, we have to, we have to think about that as well. So that's, that's 40% um, again, I hope it can be done, you know, at least a draft or something by by week 10. So basically, everything by week 10. So that's, that's the, that's the goal. And then there's the reflective learning journal. And the reflective learning journal would be basically, I will set up some like a weekly post that you can reply and so I will, I will set up this kind of post reply and try to,

well actually I I would also invite you to talk to some chair board. So that's also part of the reflective learning journal. So there will be a Moodle post, and then there will be the, what we called the chat board, that you can talk to. I.

Transcribed by https://otter.ai
