Okay, so the first thing you can do is to check this link and to give you a little bit background, you can see that this request was made back in like three years ago, more than three years ago. So so you can see this Dr, teen travel has been around even before the journey. AI and I pointed out earlier that the Chatbot before general AI is rule based. So so they set up a whole, like a flowchart thing, if, if the user asked this, they will answer this. If so, there's like a whole table of different questions, and beyond those questions, the chapel is useless. Okay, so that's a rule based chapel, but now the large language model has got the capability to be able to generate human like text and also respond to human human language. So that's a very significant breakthrough. So that's the capability now everybody is trying to leverage. So anyone who built chapel these days will try to use large language model, okay, but the immediate question for us is, to what extent does the observatory use the large language model to deploy or to empower the chapel? Right at the time, it was back in 2022 the chatgpt was not released yet, so obviously the question I wrote here has nothing to do with natural model, but I think you still want to take a look, because I think they actually provided a whole table in terms of how the chapel was responding to different questions. Okay, some of the questions have already become obsolete because I asked them, How come you are not deploying the chapel in the website, because at the time, there's only an app, now it's only website. So that question becomes obsolete, but but other questions, like how they handle inquiries, and also that whole tender thing, it's pretty, pretty relevant. So at least we know what kind of technology is being used at the time. So actually, one immediate question we can ask is, have you done another tendering? Have they done another tender to engage the company to upgrade the chapter? If they have done it, then we should request the tendering document, and then we know the new technology, if they haven't done it. That means the chapel is zero based. There's no large then we have to start asking the more interesting question, which is, how can the observatory deploy or use large energy model to empower the travel, which, which? Then, I think it's it becomes more interesting, because we have to ask the question, How can a government department be ready to build and generate AI travel, okay? So in order, in order for a department or any organization to build a travel based on large language model, you have to have a good database or knowledge base, because you can't just put a chatgpt there, right? I mean, chatgpt can answer questions about the observatory, but they can only do it based on training data, general training data, but you need to chapel to answer questions about the observatory, especially about the latest weather and other information. So you want to make sure that the chapel will be fed with the latest information. That's that's the that's the important infrastructure. So we need to explore, and this is the good thing about our, you know, approach, because we are requesting information from the government. They're supposed to be transparent. In fact, you should go to the open data portal, data.gov.hk if you go to data.gov.hk you can find the Hong Kong observatory is one of the data supplier, data provider. You can look into all the data that's available from it's called go high solder, pain point data.gov.hk, now that's that's another area we want to start looking into. Because, in fact, if they are transparent enough, if they provide all the data, all the information, we can build a table. You said, I mean, we, I mean, I, you saw me, right? I start doing the code. I don't, I don't do any code. Agent did the coding for me. And there's all kinds of technology, our Ag, and everything that can connect a knowledge base, a database with with large energy model, and then we will have a nice chapel. So so again, depending on the current status of the HK, old chapel, whether it's already using large energy model, if it is already using large energy model, then we need to start testing it and to see if there's any room for improvement. If it hasn't deployed large energy model, then we should start talking to them and explore how they can build one. If they are willing to share data and everything, we can build one. We can build one for them. You see, I mean, because it's very complicated for them to do things, they don't do things themselves. So they always outsource. They have tender. But then these days, nobody has money. You know, the government is short of money, so, so this kind of projects probably don't have high priority. But then we can talk to them, right? We can, we can write, we can write letters. We can even write proposals, and based on the data they provide, we can build our own travel. You see, I mean, but that's, of course, a separate project. In fact, I can show you just during the during the typhoon number eight. I built this site in just a few hours that would because the government got an API that released the wind data for 30 stations every 10 minutes. So so I build this to show the wind signal for 30 station every, every, every 10 minutes, because the the hKo has got the criteria for signal number eight, which is at least half of the station, has to exist as threshold. But then when I take the data from the API, you know, during the number eight period, they don't really meet the standard. Okay, anyway, so that's the same thing. But my point is, we've got the data, and we can negotiate with the HKL and to ask what data is available, what data they are willing to share, even, even for the data they are not willing to share, we can still ask, you know, in what format are you keeping the Data privately or within the organization, right? Because those information will be very important for deciding how a chapel can be designed and deployed. Okay, so I hope that makes sense. Do you have any questions?

Mm.

Transcribed by https://otter.ai
