TALIA - QUESTIONNAIRE METHODOLOGY EXPERT TRANSCRIPT
============================================================
Content: Survey design, questionnaire methodology, attitude measurement
Generated: Chunk 2 (questionnaire sections)

=== QUESTIONNAIRE METHODOLOGY - PART 1 ===
from different, measuring the attitude of the respondents from different, aspects. For example, for this second question, according to the polluter-pays Principle. Do you think charging by the amount of garbage can fairly Reflect the environmental burden of different families. So this question measure the perceived fairness of this policy. And I think it's reasonable to assume that if people tend to believe that this policy is fair. Then, it's likely that They will support, they will, like, more support this policy. So this is one possible influencing factor. Another perspective is, Do you think the government has fully considered the opinions Of citizens from different social classes. When formulating this garbage charging policy. So this is another aspect. It's the responsiveness to the public opinion when making this policy. So… I think, again, it's very likely that if the respondents believe that the government has fully considered the opinions of citizens, then it's likely that they will support this policy. And another possible perspective is. How helpful do you think the waste charging policy will be in reducing the total waste volume? So this question measures the helpfulness, or perceived helpfulness, of this policy. to… To reduce the total waste volume. So, if the, respondents believe that this policy is helpful. To reduce the waste, then it is likely that there will support for this policy. And the last question in this section is, how severe do you think Hong Kong's current waste management issues are? So this measures the perceived severity of the waste management situation in Hong Kong. So, supposedly, if the respondents feel that the waste management issue in Hong Kong is already severe enough, then it's likely that they will support this policy.

=== QUESTIONNAIRE METHODOLOGY - PART 2 ===
Okay. So later in the CSV file, you will see the, support info. So that question refers to this first question, and you will see that 1, 2, 3, 4, 5, which represents for different options. Because this type of questions is, has an ordinal sense, so it… starts from the strongly opposed to strongly support. So this contains the order in these options, so it is reasonable to use 1, 2, 3, 4, 5 to code these options. That's the reason later in the CSV file, you did not… you will not see the… the exact wordings, like, strongly oppose, oppose. Instead, you will see numbers, like, from 1, 2, 3, 4, 5. Okay. And… So for this study, you can actually observe that it measures Or it explores the potential influencing factors of the level of support from a conceptual perspective. So, people preserve the fairness, or perceived the responsiveness to the public opinion. These are all from the conceptual perspective. Rather than a practical perspective. So during the discussion for this, whether we should really implement this policy. There are actually many, practical controversials. Like, I think one of the most commonly seen discussion or mentioned difficulty of implementing this policy is about the number of recycling facilities in community is not enough. Right? Because… If the recycling facility are not enough, then… Even if people want to reduce the waste, want to do recycle, then there's no enough support. I'm not sure whether you have observed this, you want to recycle some items, and you bring them to the recycle bin, but it turns out that the recycle bin is already full. So these may imply that the overall, either the amount of the recycling facilities is not enough. Or, the manpower to, timely empty those bins is not enough. But then the question is, do we have such data? Do we have such data to measure? The existing utility rate for the recycling facilities. So suppose if we have such data, say we found that only 30% of the existing recycling bins are used. The utility rate is really low. Then this would not be a controversial anymore, because Data shows us that. There's enough facility. Then the focus of the government should be to promote or to encourage people to do the recycling. Right. Then this is… the… the facility itself is not an issue. But if it turns out that data shows that 90% of the facility is used. Or even sometimes is overused. Then the resources need to be put in either to increase the amount of recycling facilities, or to the manpower to timely empty those existing recycling bins. So this, decision will be, will be based on the data, and whether we have such data, whether the government has collected such data, whether we can access such kind of data. So these might be the problems that we… we can try to, inquire those officers, or try to… try to find on the internet, try to… try to search for. And even when we step back, thinking of At the planning stage of putting those recycling facilities in the community. How exactly did the government make the decision? Say we have 18 districts in Hong Kong. With different number of population, with different demographic features. And when those recycling facilities were put Or were planned to put in different districts. What kind of information is used to make such decision? Do they consider the population? Do they consider the average age of the resident in that area? Or do they even consider the education level? What kind of factors do they consider when they make the decision to put certain amount of facilities in those communities? So that will be… that will be, another question that, I think you can think of. And if we go one step further, To what extent? The recycling for citizens is enough. So how can the government set the evaluation mechanisms to dynamically evaluate the usage of these facilities? I think this is also a question that we can't think of. When we… when we consider about the level of support for the policy from the practical perspective. So for this specific questionnaire, it focused on the influencing factors of level of support, From the conceptual level. And maybe later in your group project, you may consider this problem from a more practical perspective. Okay, so this is the first section. And for the second section, it's about the household waste disposal and recycling habits. So the number of bags, The household dispose of daily. And the frequency of the recycling behavior. The time and effort that is typically taken to recycle the items. And the last question is whether you have seen this food waste recycling bins. So, as mentioned, these are all potential influencing factors of the level of support. Oh, except for this fourth question. This is just a… Like a, collecting information about the, The scene frequency of this waste… food waste recycle bin. And if the respondents had seen this food waste recycling bin before. Then, the next question will be asked is, have you ever used the food waste recycling bins? Okay, the third part is about the, some, some knowledge of the recycling. I think the assumption behind these three questions is If the person really cares about the environment, or… He has much knowledge about the recycling, then possibly they will have a higher support level for the waste charging policy. I will quickly fill some… options here. So these are, overall, this section tests the knowledge. And… The fourth section is actually a re-evaluation of the policy support. So here, the designer of this questionnaire Shows two pieces of information regarding this policy. And see whether this information will affect The level of support for the respondents. So the four… first key information is that, actually, Hong Kong's landfills are nearing capacity. So it says, based on the current daily waste intake, both landfills are projected to reach full capacity by next year. So this works like a warning. Like, the severity of Hong Kong's waste management is actually quite high. It's very severe now. We're facing this situation. And the second piece of information shows a successful case of a nearby country, the South Korean. Which implemented this waste charging policy in 1995, And it turns out that after, over… 30 years. The, recycling rate has reached 60%. So the designer would like to test whether receiving these two pieces of information Made to some extent. change. The level of support of the respondents. So, if it turns out that this kind of, information might be helpful to improve. The level of support, then maybe later in promotion of such policy, we may use the same strategy. So later, you will, really, visualize the data, so before the showing up of these two pieces of information, naturally, what is, on average, the, support rate. For this policy. And then there's another, variable, which captures the level of supportness after. The respondents received this information. And hopefully you… you will be curious about whether there's any change. Of the support nets after showing this information. And the last section is the demographic information. These are quite, commonly seen? Are you a permanent resident? What is the highest education level? Household size? Which districts you leave. What's the type of housing do you leave, and age, interval, and also the household monthly income range, something like that. So again, these are all potential influencing factors. To the level of support for this, garbage charging policy. So this is the overall structure of this questionnaire. And as mentioned, today, the focus is to do visualization. To really test the association between this potential influencing factors. to the response, we will put this… we have to use certain model, as mentioned, the regression model, to capture their relationships. But that will be the focus of

